CONTRIBUTING.md, before:

# Contributing

## I want to contribute code to this project

### Installation

1. Clone the repository
2. Run `npm install` to install the dependencies
3. Run `npm start` to start the server
4. Open the given URL in your browser

After completing installation: 
- [Pick a GitHub issue to work on](https://github.com/TheVanadium/pokemon-to-scale/issues).
- (Optional) If you know me personally, communicate with me via [Discord](https://discord.com).

## I want to report a bug or a problem about this project

[**Make an issue**](https://github.com/TheVanadium/pokemon-to-scale/issues/new). Before creating an issue, make sure that:

1. You list the steps to reproduce the problem to show that other users may experience it as well, if the issue is not self-descriptive.
2. Search to make sure it isn't a duplicate. [The advanced search syntax](https://help.github.com/articles/searching-issues/) may come in handy.
3. It is not a trivial problem or demands unrealistic dev time to fix. Such issues may be closed.

## I want to suggest a feature for this project

If there's a feature you'd like to see added to the project, feel free to [make an issue](https://github.com/TheVanadium/pokemon-to-scale/issues/new) with a clear and concise explanation of what should be added. Issue tickets on features that lack potential or effectiveness are not useful and may be closed.

Adapted from lichess-org/lila's [CONTRIBUTING.md](https://github.com/lichess-org/lila/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md)

Commit message:

docs: add style guidelines to contributing.md

CONTRIBUTING.md, after:

# Contributing

## I want to contribute code to this project

### Installation

1. Clone the repository
2. Run `npm install` to install the dependencies
3. Run `npm start` to start the server
4. Open the given URL in your browser

After completing installation: 
- [Pick a GitHub issue to work on](https://github.com/TheVanadium/pokemon-to-scale/issues).
- (Optional) If you know me personally, communicate with me via [Discord](https://discord.com).

Please adhere to the following guidelines when contributing code:
- Commit Syntax: (https://www.conventionalcommits.org/en/v1.0.0/)
- JavaScript Style Guide: ESlint. Run `npm run lint` to check for errors.
- CSS Style Guide: Stylelint. Run `npx stylelint **/*.css` to check for errors.

## I want to report a bug or a problem about this project

[**Make an issue**](https://github.com/TheVanadium/pokemon-to-scale/issues/new). Before creating an issue, make sure that:

1. You list the steps to reproduce the problem to show that other users may experience it as well, if the issue is not self-descriptive.
2. Search to make sure it isn't a duplicate. [The advanced search syntax](https://help.github.com/articles/searching-issues/) may come in handy.
3. It is not a trivial problem or demands unrealistic dev time to fix. Such issues may be closed.

## I want to suggest a feature for this project

If there's a feature you'd like to see added to the project, feel free to [make an issue](https://github.com/TheVanadium/pokemon-to-scale/issues/new) with a clear and concise explanation of what should be added. Issue tickets on features that lack potential or effectiveness are not useful and may be closed.

Adapted from lichess-org/lila's [CONTRIBUTING.md](https://github.com/lichess-org/lila/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md)
